
Took the antibiotics for 14 days. Sinus infection was gone after the 6th day.
This drug may not be for everyone but its wonderful for me! It makes me a totally different person, a better person.
Drug was taken in gelatin tablet at 0.5 mg per day.  Drug treatment was carried out with bi-monthly visits to physician.  After 25 weeks ended treatment successfully finished treatment.  No recurrence of acne.
Basically the treatment did not seem to work.  My presumption is that symptoms should have completely cleared up by the end of the 10-day treatment, but they were still significantly present.
I started on 50mg twice aday with out any pain relief.  The dosage was increased to 100mg twice a day with some pain relief but the side effects began
This is the first migraine medicine I've found to provide quick relief without unacceptable side effects of previous medications (nausea, severe drowsiness).
It controlls my mood swings. It helps me think before i act or speak. It controlls amxiety. IT FREED ME TO LIVE MY LIFE HAPPILY!!! I cared about my life more. Everything had more meaning to me. I lived a very dull life before taking prozac.
Within one week of treatment superficial acne lesions were visibly reduced.  Sebum production which had been excessive before beginning was significantly reduced (after course of treatment level increased to a more normal level).  After one month of treatment no new acne lesions occured.  By the end of treatment no new acne developed, and old lesions had healed.
I immediately stopped having panic attacks.  It really was miraculous, as they were becoming more and more frequent and severe.  On the combination of klonopin and prozac, I have not experienced a panic attack in 10 years. I simply feel "normal", and am able to go through my days without any feelings of extreme nausea or dizziness, which is how my panic attacks manifested themselves.  No longer did I have to leave work early, avoid restaurants and supermarkets, or worry about getting suddenly "sick", for no reason.
This medicine stopped post nasal drip, itching throat, eyes, and nose.
the treatment masked the psoriasis and what was considered arthritis
Some back pain, some nauseau.
tired/sleepy very tired sleep and tired very tired sometimes and other times less tired i'm sorry not more to say other than 50 words so blah blah see above see above see above see above see above
here we go.the initial effect would be dry mouth and sleepiness, not being able to think straight or function really but once the dose would be acclimatised it would be okay. but it also cased both hypo and hypersomnia. shakiness at times. large cognitive deficits in reading and comprehension (eyes would literally\ physically play tricks not seeing words or substituting others, blind spots)and a general confusion not knowing what i was doing where i was going.nightmares, nightsweats
signigicant swelling of hands and feet so significant and uncomfortable that I had to discontinue the medication regimine
nervousness, insomnia (if taken late in the day)
At first I experienced a slight headache and upset stomache.
increasing all over body pain
